docs: add three usecase for flow (#1165)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/continuous-aggregation/usecase-example.md

## Real-time analytics example

See [Overview](overview.md) for an example of real-time analytics. Which is to calculate the total number of logs, the minimum size, the maximum size, the average size, and the number of packets with the size greater than 550 for each status code in a 1-minute fixed window for access logs.

Another example of real-time analytics is to get all distinct country from the `ngx_access_log` table. The query for continuous aggregation would be:

```sql
-- input table
CREATE TABLE ngx_access_log (
    client STRING,
    country STRING,
    access_time TIMESTAMP TIME INDEX
);
-- create flow task to calculate the distinct country
CREATE FLOW calc_ngx_country
SINK TO ngx_country
AS
SELECT
    DISTINCT country,
FROM ngx_access_log;
```

or if you want to group the data by time window, you can use the following query:

```sql
CREATE FLOW calc_ngx_country
SINK TO ngx_country
AS
SELECT
    DISTINCT country,
    date_bin(INTERVAL '1 hour', access_time) as time_window,
FROM ngx_access_log
GROUP BY
    country,
    time_window;
```

> 

Reviewer: Two examples create the input table, one example creates both the input and output tables. They need to be consistent. 

The INSERT statements should be included in this document, so that users can execute the SQLs to experience this feature.

The above query puts the data from the `ngx_access_log` table into the `ngx_country` table. It calculates the distinct country for each time window. The `date_bin` function is used to group the data into one-hour intervals. The `ngx_country` table will be continuously updated with the aggregated data, providing real-time insights into the distinct countries that are accessing the system. 

> Note that there is currently no persistent storage for flow's internal state(There is persistent storage for the table data however), so it's recommended to use appropriate time window to miniminize data loss, because if the internal state is lost, related time window data will be lost as well.

Reviewer: cannot understand what is the flow's internal state, and what's the **appropriate** time window?

    ("client10", "KR", "2022-01-01 00:00:09");

```

<!-- TODO(discord9): explain what `ADMIN FLUSH_FLOW('calc_ngx_country')` do -->
Wait for one second for the Flow to write the result to the sink table and then query:

```sql
select * from ngx_country;
```

or if you want to group the data by time window, you can use the following query:

```sql
/* input table create same as above */
/* sink table */
CREATE TABLE ngx_country (
    country STRING,
    time_window TIMESTAMP TIME INDEX,
    update_at TIMESTAMP,
    PRIMARY KEY(country)
);
CREATE FLOW calc_ngx_country
SINK TO ngx_country
AS
SELECT
    DISTINCT country,
    date_bin(INTERVAL '1 hour', access_time) as time_window,
FROM ngx_access_log
GROUP BY
    country,
    time_window;
/* insert data using the same data as above */
```

The above query puts the data from the `ngx_access_log` table into the `ngx_country` table. It calculates the distinct country for each time window. The `date_bin` function is used to group the data into one-hour intervals. The `ngx_country` table will be continuously updated with the aggregated data, providing real-time insights into the distinct countries that are accessing the system. 

> Note that there is currently no persistent storage for flow's internal state, internal state refer to intermediate state used in computing incremental query result, like accumulator's value for a aggregation query(i.e. `count(col)`'s accumulator record current count number), there is persistent storage for the sink table data however.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that there is currently no persistent storage for the internal state of the flow. The internal state refers to the intermediate state used in computing incremental query results, such as the accumulator's value for an aggregation query (e.g., `count(col)`'s accumulator records the current count number). However, there is persistent storage for the data in the sink table.
```

> so it's recommended to use appropriate time window(i.e. hourly if you can tolerate loss one hour of data when rebooting) to miniminize data loss, because if the internal state is lost, related time window data will be lost as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, it is recommended to use an appropriate time window (e.g., hourly) to minimize data loss. This is because if the internal state is lost, the related data within that time window will also be lost.
```

> # Usecase Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Usecase Examples
```

2. **Real-time Monitoring**: A real-time monitoring system that continuously aggregates data from a stream of events and provides real-time alerts based on the aggregated data. For example, a system that aggregates data from a stream of sensor events and provides real-time alerts when the temperature exceeds a certain threshold.

3. **Real-time Dashboard**: A real-time dashboard that shows the number of requests per minute, the average response time, and the number of errors per minute. This dashboard can be used to monitor the health of the system and to detect any anomalies in the system.

In all these usecases, the continuous aggregation system continuously aggregates data from a stream of events and provides real-time insights and alerts based on the aggregated data. The system can also downsample the data to a lower resolution to reduce the amount of data stored and processed. This allows the system to provide real-time insights and alerts while keeping the data storage and processing costs low.

> ## Real-time Analytics Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Real-time analytics example
```

Consider a usecase where you have a stream of log events from a web server that you want to analyze in real-time. The log events contain information such as the status of the request, the size of the response, the client IP address, and the timestamp of the request. You want to continuously aggregate this data to provide real-time analytics on the number of requests per minute, the min/max/average packet size, and the error rate per minute. Then the query for continuous aggregation would be:

```sql
CREATE FLOW ngx_aggregation
SINK TO ngx_statistics
AS 
SELECT 
    status,
    count(client) AS total_logs,
    sum(case when status >= 400 then 1 end) as error_logs,
    min(size) as min_size,
    max(size) as max_size,
    avg(size) as avg_size
FROM ngx_access_log 
GROUP BY
    status,
    date_bin(INTERVAL '1 minutes', access_time, '2024-01-01 00:00:00'::Timestamp);

> ```

Reviewer: Please do not repeat the same example, consider to remove these content and add some description and a link to the example in overview.md

The above query continuously aggregates the data from the `ngx_access_log` table into the `ngx_statistics` table. It calculates the total number of logs, the number of error logs, the min/max/average packet size, and the error rate per minute. The `date_bin` function is used to group the data into one-minute intervals. The `ngx_statistics` table will be continuously updated with the aggregated data, providing real-time insights into the web server's performance.

> ## Real-time Monitoring Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Real-time monitoring example
```

```sql
CREATE TABLE temp_sensor_data (
    sensor_id INT,
    loc STRING,
    temperature DOUBLE,
    ts TIMESTAMP TIME INDEX
);

CREATE FLOW temp_monitoring
SINK TO temp_alerts
AS
SELECT
    sensor_id,
    loc,
    max(temperature) as max_temp,
FROM temp_sensor_data
GROUP BY
    sensor_id,
    loc
HAVING max_temp > 100;
```

The above query continuously aggregates the data from the `temp_sensor_data` table into the `temp_alerts` table. It calculates the maximum temperature reading for each sensor and location and filters out the data where the maximum temperature exceeds 100 degrees. The `temp_alerts` table will be continuously updated with the aggregated data, providing real-time alerts (Which is a new row in the `temp_alerts` table) when the temperature exceeds the threshold.

> ## Real-time Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Real-time dashboard
```

Consider a usecase in which you need a bar graph that show the distribution of packet sizes for each status code to monitor the health of the system. The query for continuous aggregation would be:

```sql
CREATE FLOW calc_ngx_distribution
SINK TO ngx_distribution
AS
SELECT
    status,
    trunc(size, -1) as bucket_size,
    count(client) AS total_logs,
    date_bin(INTERVAL '1 minutes', access_time) as time_window,
FROM ngx_access_log
GROUP BY
    status,
    time_window,
    bucket;
```

The above query puts the data from the `ngx_access_log` table into the `ngx_distribution` table. It calculates the total number of logs for each status code and packet size bucket (in this case, since `trunc`'s second argument is -1, meaning a bucket size of 10) for each time window. The `date_bin` function is used to group the data into one-minute intervals. The `ngx_distribution` table will be continuously updated with the aggregated data, providing real-time insights into the distribution of packet sizes for each status code.

> # Conclusion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Conclusion
```
